Docs: add dashgpt information (#77177)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/manage-dashboards/index.md

> - Move dashboards between folders
> - Delete multiple dashboards and folders
> - Navigate to a folder

Author: ```suggestion
- Move dashboards between folders.
- Delete multiple dashboards and folders.
- Navigate to a folder.
```

> - Manage folder permissions. For more information, refer to [Dashboard permissions][].

Reviewer: If one list item has a period, should they all have periods?

The import process enables you to change the name of the dashboard, pick the data source you want the dashboard to use, and specify any metric prefixes (if the dashboard uses any).

### Discover dashboards on grafana.com

Find dashboards for common server applications at [Grafana.com/dashboards](https://grafana.com/dashboards).

{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/dashboards/screenshot-gcom-dashboards.png" >}}

## Set up generative AI features for dashboards

> {{< docs/public-preview product="dashgpt" featureFlag="dashgpt" >}}

Author: @nmarrs & @SandersAaronD - The way this shortcode renders in the text, it'll say "dashgpt is currently in public preview". Is there are something else you want me to call the feature in this context? Maybe "AI-powered features" per the feature toggle description?

Reviewer 2: The industry seems to have settled on "generative AI" as the buzzterm for those in the know (and also, we use it a good amount), "DashGPT contains Generative AI features for dashboard workflows" might work?

Author: This is standardized text where I just plug in a feature name and a feature toggle, so I can't get too fancy with it. What about:

> Generative AI in dashboards is currently in [public preview](https://grafana.com/docs/release-life-cycle/). Grafana Labs offers limited support, and breaking changes might occur prior to the feature being made generally available. Enable the dashgpt feature toggle in Grafana to use this feature. Contact Grafana Support to enable this feature in Grafana Cloud.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me.

> {{< docs/public-preview product="dashgpt" featureFlag="dashgpt" >}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< docs/public-preview product="Generative-AI-in-dashboards" featureFlag="dashgpt" >}}
```

> {{< docs/public-preview product="Generative-AI-in-dashboards" featureFlag="dashgpt" >}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< docs/public-preview product="Generative AI in dashboards" featureFlag="dashgpt" >}}
```

The import process enables you to change the name of the dashboard, pick the data source you want the dashboard to use, and specify any metric prefixes (if the dashboard uses any).

### Set up generative AI features for dashboards

{{< docs/public-preview product="dashgpt" featureFlag="dashgpt" >}}

You can use generative AI to help you with the following tasks:

> - **Generate panel and dashboard titles and descriptions**: Generate a title and description for your panel or dashboard based on the data you’ve added to it. This is useful when you want to quickly visualize your data and don’t want to spend time coming up with a title or description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Generate panel and dashboard titles and descriptions**: Generate a title and description based on the data you’ve added for your panel or dashboard.  This is useful when you want to visualize your data quickly and don’t want to spend time coming up with a title or description.
```

- **Generate dashboard save changes summary**: Generate a summary of the changes you’ve made to a dashboard when you save it. This is great for easily tracking the history of a dashboard.

To access these features, enable the `dashgpt` feature toggle. Then install and configure Grafana’s Large Language Model (LLM) app plugin. For more information, refer to the [Grafana LLM plugin documentation][].

> When enabled, the **✨ Auto generate** option displays next to the **Title** and **Description** fields in your panels and dashboards, or when you press the **Save** button.

Reviewer: What is ✨ right before the word Auto?

Author: it's literally a star emoji that shows up in the UI

We recommend the following:

> - Don't enable auto-refreshing on dashboards, panels, or variables unless you need it. Users can refresh their browser manually, or you can set the refresh rate for a time period that makes sense (every ten minutes, every hour, and so on).

Reviewer: It feels strange to read a recommendation not to do something. I wonder if this can be worded in the positive?

Author: I'll circle back to this. I was was just fixing the Vale error here, but I need more information from the squad to make a good substantive edit here.

Reviewer: right, got it. No need to handle in this PR, just something that jumped out to me. All good!

Author: ```suggestion
- Only enable auto-refreshing on dashboards, panels, or variables unless if necessary. Users can refresh their browser manually, or you can set the refresh rate for a time period that makes sense (every ten minutes, every hour, and so on).
```
